readme doc update for pvsadm. (#96)
ppc64le-cloud/pvsadm: README.md

## Overview

IBM Power Systems Virtual Server projects deliver flexible compute capacity for Power Systems workloads.
Integrated with the IBM Cloud platform for on-demand provisioning.

This is a tool built for the IBM Power Systems Virtual Server helps managing and maintaining the resources easily.

> Download the pvsadm binary from the location https://github.com/ppc64le-cloud/pvsadm/releases/

Reviewer: I'm wondering we can put this information under the `Installation` heading.

Reviewer 2: Yep, makes sense to me

Select the latest release and download the relevant binary under the Assets section.
Run the ./pvsadm --help command to check the menu options for the pvsadm sub commands.

> ## pvsadm image

Reviewer: cabe modified to "pvsadm - Image Management"

> Sub command under the pvsadm tool to perform image related tasks like image conversion, uploading and importing into the IBM Power Systems Virtual Server instances. For more information, refer to the ./pvsadm image --help command.

Reviewer: remove ./ from the beginning and mention in the backquote: `pvsadm image --help`

The typical image workflow comprises of the following steps:

1. Download the qcow2 image.

> 2. Convert the downloaded qcow2 image to ova using ./pvsadm image qcow2ova command.

Reviewer: same as above: `pvsadm image qcow2ova`

> 3. Upload the ova image to IBM Cloud Object Store Bucket using ./pvsadm image upload command.

Reviewer: same as above: `pvsadm image upload`

> 4. Import the ova image to IBM Power Systems Virtual Server instances using ./pvsadm image import command.

Reviewer: same as above: `pvsadm image import`

## Overview

> IBM Power Systems Virtual Server projects deliver flexible compute capacity for Power Systems workloads.

Reviewer 2: We can remove this statement

Author: Completed.

> Integrated with the IBM Cloud platform for on-demand provisioning.

Reviewer 2: You can remove the above statement

Author: Completed.

> This is a tool built for the IBM Power Systems Virtual Server helps managing and maintaining the resources easily.

Reviewer 2: This is a tool to help with managing of resources in IBM Power Systems Virtual Server

Author: Completed.

> ## pvsadm - Installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Installation
```

> 1. Download the pvsadm binary from the location https://github.com/ppc64le-cloud/pvsadm/releases/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Goto the [releases page](https://github.com/ppc64le-cloud/pvsadm/releases/)
```

2. Select the latest release and download the relevant binary under the Assets section.

> 3. Run the `pvsadm --help` command to check the menu options for the pvsadm sub commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Run the `pvsadm --help` command to check the available subcommands and the options.
```
